MUMT301-2021 Assignment 1
QUESTIONNAIRE!

The following questionnaire seeks to understand your previous knowledge about some of the concepts that we will learn in class during the coming term.

1. Do you know any programming languages? If you do, which ones? No

2. What is your primary computer operating system (OS)? Windows 11

3. Do you own a smartphone, tablet, or mobile device? What is your favourite OS for mobile devices? Yes, android phone. Also Ipad pro 3

4. Do you use any social networking services? If you do, which ones? Why? Facebook, Instagram, Whatsapp, Twitter

5. Expand the following acronyms and do research about their meaning. You may look them up if you don't know:

    HTTP: Hypertext transfer protocol
    REST: Representational State Transfer - protocol (standard) to talk to an API 
    API: Application Programming Interface - defines how 2 applications communicate with each other

6. Do you play a musical instrument or sing? If so, how much experience do you have? Trumpet. I have played 19 years and am currently a professional ending my bacc in jazz performance

7. Can you read music notation? If so, how well? Yes, very well

8. How large is your personal music collection? Estimate the number of artists, albums, and songs. If instead you listen to music using streaming services, how many playlists, artists, albums, and songs do you have in your account?
I have about 80 CDs and I listen to music a lot through Spotify (I have about 30 playlists), and also YouTube.

9. How do you search and find new music? How do you think this affects the types of artists that you end up listening to?
I usually find new music through recomendations by other musicians, teachers and through the concerts I have to play. I also find it sometimes on youtube by myself

10. Name two musical artists that you like. What do you find interesting about their music that makes you like them?
I love Astor Piazzolla and John Coltrane a lot. Piazzolla has changed tango using his deep knowledge of classical music in ways that are incredible. John Coltrane was constantly pushing himself and innovating in jazz, always completely reinventing himself.